Add champion.md (#1027)
WebAssembly/meetings: process/champion.md

# Responsibilities of a Champion

Champions are authors and editors of proposals. The champion is responsible for

> the evolution of the proposal from Phase 0 through Phase 5, at which point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the evolution of the proposal from Phase 0 through Phase 5, at Phase 4
```

maintenance transfers to the WebAssembly Working Group (WG). Champions have
admin permissions in the proposal repository. Periodically, champions may bring
their proposal to the [Community Group (CG)
meetings](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/) to ask for consensus on

> stage advancement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
phase advancement.
```

When asking for advancement, the champion is expected to make the whole
proposal accessible for review by the CG, by explaining its contents, providing
supporting documentation, etc. Material changes should be presented explicitly.

It is often beneficial for champions to keep the CG updated with periodic
status updates outlining major changes in the regular [CG
meetings](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/). While minor changes can be
made through discussions within the repository or the relevant subgroup,
substantial design changes may require a vote from the CG so that the CG has a
chance to review the proposal and possibly re-evaluate if the proposal is in

> the appropriate stage. Examples include a change to the fundamental assumption

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the appropriate stage. Examples include a change to the fundamental assumptions
```

or structure of a proposal, a decision that has a substantial impact on the

> future direction, or a resolution to a contentious issue that is hard to be
> resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
future direction, or a resolution to a contentious issue that is hard to
resolve.
```

It is not necessary that champions are knowledgeable about every component of
the spec or its implementation, but they are responsible for the general

> management of the proposal repository, which includes:

Reviewer: This section should probably also mention shared responsibilities with subgroup chairs. As this varies between groups, we could keep it fairly high level and add a note that these can be shared responsibilities with the subgroup chair when the champion and the subgroup chair are not the same person.

cc @tlively and @linclark for visibility.

Reviewer 2: +1, a sentence stating that these responsibilities may be shared with subgroup chairs in cases where there is a relevant subgroup sounds good to me.

Author: Done
